Week 1
Formed our group and selected Sree as Scrum Master.
Researched the virtual menu system at Don Don, and discussed the pros and cons with the team.
Decided on which waiting systems had the most potential cons to bonus features.
Set up further meeting times and consolidated languages to use. Created meeting documents and discord channels.

Week 2
Team split into backend and frontend developers. 
I was put into backend. 
I worked on writing the background information, user stories and the system architecture diagram. 
I wrote stub functions for basic functions that we needed in python, like a customer selecting table or adding orders.

Week 3
I mainly focussed on proofreading and adding any additional information for the project proposal. 
I started on creating databases, taking inspiration from my previous coding courses by using SQLite, as well as creating more python stubs for some functions to satisfy additional user stories.

Week 4
Discussed with backend developers to fully flesh out the languages and structure of how to conduct our work. 
Installed SQLite, Flask and Postman to write and test my backend code. 
Wrote the functionality of some customer based stories. 

Week 5
Presented work in Sprint 1 Demo. 
Delegated tasks in Retrospective, converted to frontend.
Took inspiration from Ubereats web design to model the frontend over.

Week 6
Took a week off on vacation.
Took some very brief moments to try to implement the new design.

Week 7
Redesigned most of the menu and item pages.
Removed and shifted components to fit a more modernised concept.
Fixed numerous bugs that were from sprint 1.

Week 8
Presented work in Sprint 2 Demo.
Delegated tasks in Retrospective, initially working in backend, moving to frontend in latter half.
Started on fixing some of the bugs from sprint 2.

Week 9
Focussed on finishing the bugs and cleaning out the implementation from sprint 2.
Started on adding new features and components.
Wrote the server routes for half the new features.

Week 10
Presented work in Final Demo.
Finished all the implementations for the project.
Worked on trying to make the code more efficient and easier to use.
